Improve string coercion description (#29275)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/string/index.md

### String conversion

The `String()` function is a more reliable way than calling `toString()` method of the value, as the former works when used on [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null) and {{jsxref("undefined")}}. For example:

```js

> // This will produce an error since null and undefined are not auto boxed to be an object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You cannot access properties on null or undefined
```

### String conversion

> It's possible to use `String` as a more reliable way than calling
> `toString()` method of the value, as it works when
> used on [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null) and {{jsxref("undefined")}}. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `String()` function is a more reliable way than calling `toString()` method of the value, as the former works when used on [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null) and {{jsxref("undefined")}}. For example:
```

### String conversion

> The `String()` function is a more reliable way than calling `toString()` method of the value, as the former works when used on [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null) and {{jsxref("undefined")}}. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `String()` function is a more reliable way of converting values to strings than calling the `toString()` method of the value, as the former works when used on [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null) and {{jsxref("undefined")}}. For example:
```
